Allow switching between brush and eraser via keyboard (#689)
lightly-ai/lightly-studio: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- `Dataset.export()` now supports instance segmentation export to COCO using `to_coco_instance_segmentations()`.

> - Add keyboard shortcuts for switching between brush and eraser and adjusting brush size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added keyboard shortcuts to switch between the brush and eraser, as well as to adjust the brush size.
```
